yeah yeah what's going on guys stiff
here with a special 40 pro pack customer
service grand opening oh now i'll tell
you the story behind this I'm not gonna
lie I didn't call up yay and complaining
or anything like that um well I'm
actually I should have but I don't have
the patience for them to get back what
happened was this is the backstory
behind this my friend who used to play
madden i played him a couple times last
year Gazi 88 played him a couple times
last year he was big into the whole mutt
in the beginning of the season then the
whole face catching thing and fumbling
at the one really took a toll on on his
poor soul ended up returning the game he
totally forgot that he put in this Pro
Pack service grant or whatever was
because he bought the $60 version of
seven dollar version and he never
received his pro packs he's like you
bought the game when it first came out
for an extra ten dollars i think it was
you got that extra 40 pro packs or
whatever it was you got three per week
until expired so he never got his so he
remembered calling EA and you know
complaining that he never got his packs
and he totally forgot about it by the
time he trended his game back in they
called them up and they were like so we
are going to give you the pro packs
which your gamertag he just gave him my
gamertag because he doesn't have the
game anymore so basically what's going
to happen is I got the 40 pro packs
thanks to him we had a deal if he ever
comes back to man which he probably will
whatever I get pretty much goes to him
but I get to use in the meantime if he
doesn't get if he doesn't come back to
Madden then I get to keep everything
that I get so let's open up these Pro
Pack she's probably going to come back
to the game because he's
to get that itch it Madden's almost like
a drug this year so let's get into this
45 Brokeback opening and this is the
today's the day when Ray Lewis and that
left tackle I proud his name dropped
today so maybe we'll get a ray lewis and
maybe we'll get a no I don't even know
what his name luck tackle so let's go
through these pro packs let's say let's
see 00 first track we can delete this is
this is good this is good this is real
good see what else we can get off now if
you guys don't know I like to really i'm
probably butchering his last name but
the first pack was a success let's see
what else we got oh we got a road to the
playoffs Justin hug you take a while
actually
oh it's our gold Marcus cannon
1000 coins I know 1000 coins is not that
much but you know it helps i'm on go i'm
an elite by charles clay come on the
loose Kelvin Benjamin give me that 96
challenge me coo coo you Mac all right
all right Khalil not really what we want
though oh my Andrew Luck sold come on
Lee because I have the the breast cancer
awareness one this is a 95 or 96 so we
get Nick Mangold Oh 85 Nick mangle Wow
we only got some nine so many to go
where we get Arthur Jones he sucks
lex hilliard see this is why he's cool
it is it open our peers
where we got Robbie go mmm I got Matt
Prater though Oh two goals in 10 let's
get it come on let's go and get another
a week reshad jones come on elite come
on ray lewis
come on elite we got Tracy Porter I damn
it we started off so whoo oh well Thomas
when the show was just got released damn
man nothing is the pro packs of soup
Danny Amendola some of you guys might be
like why yesterday and then waiting to
open them up until the Ray Lewis came
out when we get
oops
yeah Danny Woodhead
alright i think it's the last set for
this vid we didn't get anything we got
we got that one elite though we can get
that one a week we're just adding
everything else in the packs in the sets
all right that that's going to be part 1
of this video I'm going to open up these
other two coming up I'm making another
part make sure if you guys really do
enjoy pack opening so I know there's a
lot of other YouTube people that open up
packs and they get a lot of likes so if
you guys are into these pakil means
ganna hit that like button enough likes
let's say 500 likes yeah let's go at
five hundred I'm doing some astronomical
we get 500 likes I'll do these pack
openings but I'll do different promos
like if a game changer pack comes out
I'll do that if at all that impact does
that or bundle comes out do that legend
bundle I'll do that i'll post it on here
i'm not going to do pro packs pro packs
are just useless so anyway 500 likes on
this video i'll do another pack opening
till next time guys Oh make sure you
guys like subscribe until next time guys
I do